Docs: Fix typos and updated command to build apk - README (#2860)
kivy/python-for-android: README.md

With everything installed, build an APK with SDL2 with e.g.:

>     p4a apk --private $HOME/code/myapp --package=org.example.myapp --name "My application" --version 0.1 --bootstrap=sdl2 --requirements=python3,kivy

Reviewer: What about the following? (more generic)

```suggestion
    p4a apk --private PATH_TO_YOUR_APP_CODE --package=org.example.myapp --name "My application" --version 0.1 --bootstrap=sdl2 --requirements=python3,kivy
```
